Revise my description of UIManager and projects (#143)
hpi-swa-lab/SqueakByExample-english: Morphic/Morphic.tex

However, \clsind{UIManager} is an abstract class that has several subclasses such as \clsind{MorphicUIManager}, \clsind{MVCUIManager}, and others.
What's the reason for this?

\sq supports a range of different UI systems, called \emph{\index{projects}}, of which Morphic is only one of many.
For instance, another project type in \sq is \emph{\index{MVC}} (named after its tripartite Model-View-Controller architecture) which was the only available UI system in classic \st-80.

> To allow developers to write code that works for any projects, \sq provides the \clsind{UIManager} class hierarchy that defines a consistent interface to invoke user dialogs for any UI system.

Author: ```suggestion
To allow developers to write code that works in any kind of project, \sq provides the \clsind{UIManager} class hierarchy that defines a consistent interface to invoke user dialogs for any UI system.

```

> You can retrieve an appropriate subclass instance of \clsind{UIManager} for the current project by executing the method \cmind{Project class}{uiManager}.

Reviewer: Maybe instead of referencing the method Project class>>uiManager, maybe write a method send `Project uiManager` to avoid confusion?
